Delete chart operator from app-operator side. (#529)
giantswarm/app-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Pruning chart-operator helm release from app-operator side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete chart-operator helm release and chart CR so it can be re-installed.
```

The changelog should explain why we're doing this. So I think it needs to say its so chart-operator can be re-installed.
